-------------------------------

Please see the README.txt in the zip file for installation and update instructions.

*base*
- added support for zipped roms
- fixed input mapping for cores with different input modes
- fixed late loading of configs (was preventing boot logos for certain systems)
- fixed flicker at low end of screen brightness ramp
- restored PlayStation interlace and enhanced resolutions options

*extras*
- added GG.pak for Game Gear
- added SMS.pak for Master System
- restored Game Boy Player rumble support in MGBA.pak (some games had rumble hardware on the cartridge, others depended on the Game Cube's and require this toggle to access it)
- added SGB.pak for Super Game Boy
- added PCE.pak for TurboGrafx-16

-------------------------------

add additional info to installation readme
	TF1 should have stock installed (Garlic will work too)
		it will have 4 partitions, 2 hidden Linux partitions plus MISC and ROMS
	TF2 should be formatted FAT32

create a clean image to flash and install over
	advanced users seem to be confused about how simple it is to install :sweat_smile:

add most recent uImage/kernel changes

hdmi
	minarch menus don't update when connected to hdmi
		need to figureout how to create a 4:3 thumb from a distorted framebuffer
		should be able to reconstruct it with screen->w|h and renderer.(src|dst)_(w|h)
			just need to downsample to a cropped region of the source
	does clock need GFX_autosize?
	ignore brightness shortcut when on hdmi
		still getting through somehow...
	audio

minarch
	can I support changing discs in multi-disc pbps?
	figure out how to handle different button mappings for cores with different modes
		eg. GG or SMS with picodrive
	move overrides to a text file that lives in the pak?
		that way I don't have to update minarch to support new cores?
	
	some cores can only fast forward with prevent tearing off
		can this be set as an override preference?
	change Frontend > Scanlines/Grid to Screen Effect (None, Scanlines, Grid, LCD)
		and Shortcuts > Toggle Scanlines to Cycle Effect
		or don't because my cpu scalers are bad (performance-wise)
		or flesh them out just because :sweat_smile:
	eggs implemented mixed scale neon scalers, hook those up

minui
	- 

misc
	port say, show, blank, and confirm
	make my own simple file browser? :sweat_smile:
	port Random Game.pak + daemon

checkout eggs tools
	I wonder if I could patch in Commander-11, BPreplayBold is too bold at that size

cores
	vb
		launching directly into native scaling has normal performance
		but launching into aspect and switching to native tanks the
		framerate
	pcsx-rearmed
		reset hangs the PlayStation emulator core
		Tekken freezes PlayStation emulator core while fast-forwarding

	
Union-ize this?
	Mini?
	Smart & Model S?

makefile
	-
	
sdl
	-

batmon
	charging icons at least?
		ramdisk.img/res/images/charger/battery_[0-5].png

clock
	-

libmsettings
	hdmi

keymon
	handle sleep/wake
		minui/minarch would opt out of this
		would be useful for Files.pak and third-party binaries
	jack
		instead of manually polling once a second use poll()?
	hdmi
		turn off screen when connected
		fb changes... eek

